AFAIK, TomBoy has a lot features and is a very stable note-taking app,
although I have never used it. I was a Basket (another good app) user
for a year before writing TakeNote. The main features that I needed
for my research note-taking was (1) Image support and (2) scaling to a
large number of notes. So these are the most implemented features so
far.

TakeNote has inline images in notes. There are also minor features
like image scaling and launching image viewers and editors. My
favorite feature from Basket was integrated screenshot which I use to
include things from web sites, figures from PDFs I'm reading, and
plots that I generate in my work. This feature is also in TakeNote.

I find the combination of the hierarchical treeview and the listview
(see screenshot site http://rasm.ods.org/takenote) allows one to view
a large number of notes at once. Think of interface just like a
traditional email client. This is a feature I haven't seen
elsewhere. I also do a lot of little things to help cope with large
notebooks: the collapse state of the tree is saved and the sorting of
the listview is saved per folder. So in my own notebook, I have a
folder with reference tips on frequently used unix-commands sorted
alphabetically and I have some folders that act like a journal with
hundreds of notes sorted by creation date. In the journal example, the
listview becomes very handy, because trying to represent a folder with
a long list of notes in the treeview alone would be very cumbersome.

I mainly made TakeNote to satisfy my own needs, but hopefully others
will find it useful as well. I'm always curious to hear feedback on
what others think of it.
